Oslo, 30 September 2026 - Reference is made to the stock exchange notice 20 June
2026 regarding Nordic Mining ASA's ("Nordic Mining" or the "Company")
application to the Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment for a temporary
discharge permit pursuant to Section 11 of the Norwegian Pollution Control Act.

The Norwegian State, through the Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment,
has today granted a temporary discharge permit for tailings from Nordic Mining's
operations at Engebø Rutile and Garnet ("ERG"), providing the regulatory
framework required for continued operations.

"The decision confirms our licence to operate and removes a key factor of
uncertainty for the Engebø project. The temporary permit provides the stability
and predictability needed to move forward with improving our operations, while
the State assesses the how to comply with the Supreme Court's ruling in a longer
term. It enables us to progress mineral production, protect local employment and
continue the ramp-up as one of the few natural rutile producers globally and the
only garnet producer in Europe," says Kjell Roland, Chair of the Board of Nordic
Mining.

The temporary discharge permit is valid for three years. The original permit,
granted in 2016, will now be suspended pending the Authorities' review. The
Ministry of Climate and Environment expresses that clarity regarding a long-term
discharge permit in the beginning of 2027.

The Engebø project is expected to play an important role in supplying high
-quality natural rutile and garnet to international markets. The project
combines access to a long-life mineral resource with a competitive operating
footprint and supports Europe's need for secure and reliable supplies of
critical raw materials. The Company has over the past months made steady
progress in increasing production volumes of both rutile and garnet at Engebø.

Temporary permit removes uncertainty as important restructuring process
continues

As announced, the Company has secured sufficient liquidity through mid-October,
while it continues to work on long-term financing solutions.

"We appreciate the constructive approach taken by the Norwegian authorities and
their recognition of the importance of maintaining industrial activity at
Engebø. The temporary discharge permit removes a source of uncertainty and
provides greater predictability as we continue our operational ramp-up and
progress the Company's restructuring process," says Roland.

Contact:

Kjell Roland, Chair of the Board, Nordic Mining, kjell.roland1@gmail.com
Tord Meling, CFO, Nordic Mining, tord.meling@nordicmining.com


