(Arendal, Norway / Sherbrooke, QC, Canada – 1 October 2026)

Tekna Holding ASA (“Tekna”) held an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) on 1 October 2026 with the main purpose of electing Egil Haugsdal as Chair of the Board of Directors. Haugsdal replaces Dag Teigland, who was recently appointed CEO of Elkem ASA. Teigland will stay on as a member of the Board of Directors.

Haugsdal is an experienced top executive with an extensive background in international business within the global maritime, aerospace and defense industry. His career includes leadership positions in Kongsberg Group, including President of Kongsberg Protech Systems and, most recently, President of Kongsberg Maritime from 2016 to 2023. Haugsdal has extensive board experience serving as Chair or member of the Board of Directors of several (listed) Norwegian and international companies. He is independent of the company’s executive management, material business relations and major shareholders.

"Tekna has built a strong position in advanced materials, serving customers in some of the world's most demanding industries. I look forward to working with the board and management to build on that foundation and support the company's continued international growth," says Haugsdal. 

Dag Teigland has played a central role in developing Tekna's strategy and positioning the company for international growth. The Board wishes to express its sincere gratitude to Mr. Teigland and is very pleased that Tekna will continue to benefit from his experience and industrial insight as a board member.

The general meeting adopted all other resolutions proposed by the board as set forth in the notice.
The minutes from the EGM, including attendance summary and voting protocol, and a list of represented shareholders are attached and available on the company's website: https://ir.tekna.com

For more information, please contact investors@tekna.com


ATTACHMENTS
•	Minutes of extraordinary general meeting 1 October 2026 including list of represented shareholders
•	This announcement in PDF.pdf

DISCLOSURE REGULATION
This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

CONTACTS
Tekna Holding ASA
Arina Van Oost, Investor Relations | VP Corporate Strategic Development, 
+33 6 70 11 51 90, investors@tekna.com

ABOUT TEKNA HOLDING ASA
Tekna is a world-leading provider of sustainable, advanced material solutions, headquartered in Sherbrooke, Canada. The company specializes in high-purity metal powders used in critical applications such as additive manufacturing (3D printing) across the aerospace, defense, medical and consumer electronics industries. The company is positioning itself in the fast-growing market of advanced nanomaterials for the microelectronics sector. 

Tekna also develops cutting-edge induction plasma systems designed for both industrial research and production. Its unique, IP-protected plasma technology is powering its hypersonic wind tunnels, PlasmaSonic, which enable simulating material exposure conditions in space. 

With over 30 years of experience, Tekna is a trusted partner to a broad portfolio of multinational blue-chip customers for its high-quality products and innovation. Its material solutions help enhance productivity, enable more efficient use of materials and support the transition to more resilient supply chains and a circular economy. 
https://www.tekna.com

Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/1358990/  #investinTekna 


