In September, the Norwegian Group had 2.8 million passengers, of which Norwegian had 2.4 million and Widerøe 394,000. The load factor for Norwegian increased to 87.1 percent, while Widerøe continues to deliver world-class punctuality.

"I am pleased that we have delivered a higher load factor while also increasing capacity, as we did in August. The autumn holidays in all the Nordic countries are showing high demand, and we are experiencing many full flights across our core markets. Looking ahead, the winter period is also showing solid promising booking numbers," said Geir Karlsen, CEO of Norwegian.

Norwegian's capacity (ASK) in September was 3,833 million seat kilometres, an increase of 6 percent compared with September 2025. Actual passenger traffic (RPK) was 3,339 million seat kilometres, an increase of 7 percent from the same period last year. The load factor was 87.1 percent, up 0.6 percentage points. Regularity, the share of scheduled flights that took place, was 99.4 percent. Punctuality, the share of flights departing within 15 minutes of scheduled time, was 84.3 percent. In September, Norwegian operated an average of 94 aircraft.

"On 30 September, we took delivery of two brand new 737 MAX 8 aircraft from Boeing facilities in Seattle, which marked aircraft delivery number 200 and 201 in Norwegian's history. The current fuel price levels are creating headwinds, but we are managing this with seasonally optimised capacity as well as our hedge positions in the coming months. For the winter period, both winter warm destinations, such as Egypt and the Canary Islands, and city breaks, such as London and Berlin, are performing well. We are seeing that while the Nordic passengers travel for sun and Christmas markets, demand from tourists going the other way is also looking promising. Rovaniemi and Tromsø, in addition to the Nordic capitals, are popular destinations for incoming tourists," said Geir Karlsen, CEO of Norwegian.

Widerøe's capacity (ASK) was 208 million seat kilometres in September, up 3 percent from the previous year. Actual passenger traffic (RPK) was 149 million seat kilometres, up 1 percent from September 2025. The load factor was 71.8 percent, down 1.6 percentage points from last year. Punctuality was 94.5 percent, an increase of 0.5 percent from last year. This ranks Widerøe as one of the top airlines in the world on punctuality once again. Regularity was 98.2 percent in September.

"We are continuing to deliver world class punctuality thanks to all our great colleagues and their hard work. This is important not only for Widerøe, but for our passengers and all the local communities we serve across the country," said Tore Jenssen, CEO of Widerøe.

See detailed traffic figures in the attached PDF.


For further information, please contact: 
Jesper M. Hatletveit, Investor Relations at Norwegian, Tel: +47 906 64 401


Fornebu, 6 October 2026
Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA


This information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. This stock exchange announcement was published by Jesper M. Hatletveit, VP Investor Relations at Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, on 6 October 2026 at 08:00 CEST.