Veidekke has signed a contract with BNE Hamar Bolig AS to construct the first
phase of the major residential development project "Vannlinja" in Hamar. The
design and build contract is valued at approximately NOK 300 million, excluding
VAT.

"Vannlinja" is the first residential block in Veslemjøsa, an area that Bane NOR
Eiendom is transforming into a new waterfront district.

"We are very pleased to sign this agreement with BNE Hamar Bolig AS. This is the
first phase of a larger development, and we now look forward to commencing work
on this exciting project by Lake Mjøsa," says Håvard Hagen, District Manager at
Veidekke Bygg Innlandet.

Phase one of "Vannlinja" comprises 88 apartments ranging in size from 34 to 171
square metres. Veidekke also holds an option to build phase two of the project,
known as "Punkthuset", which will include 24 apartments. In total, 112
apartments will be developed across the two phases.

The first phase consists of an L-shaped building with seven storeys above ground
and a basement level containing a parking garage, technical facilities and
storage units. All apartments will have a private balcony or terrace.
"Punkthuset" will rise six storeys above a basement level and feature a shared
rooftop terrace on the seventh level.

The project will include a large communal rooftop terrace, an orangery and an
attractive courtyard designed to encourage social interaction. In addition, a
new waterfront promenade will provide easy access to Lake Mjøsa and help connect
the neighbourhood more closely to the water. Construction of the promenade is
included in the contract.

"With its location right on the shores of Lake Mjøsa, close proximity to the
town centre and views of the water, "Vannlinja" offers qualities that few
residential developments can match. The project marks the beginning of the
residential development of Veslemjøsa, and we are delighted to have Veidekke as
our partner in delivering this exciting development," says Odd Arne Lian,
Project Manager at Bane NOR Eiendom.

Construction is scheduled to commence around the turn of the year, and the first
phase is expected to be completed during autumn 2028. The contract will be
included in Veidekke's order backlog for the fourth quarter of 2026.

More information about the project: Vannlinja (https://vannlinja.no)

Images:
Vannlinja (Illustration: DARK Arkitekter)
Håvard Hagen (Photo: Veidekke)

For further information, please contact:

District Manager Håvard Hagen, Veidekke Bygg Innlandet, tlf. +47 90 19 90 58,
haavard.hagen@veidekke.no
Communication Manager Arve Rødal Brekkhus, Veidekke, tlf. +47 90 13 48 88,
arve.brekkhus@veidekke.no
Project Manager Odd Arne Lian, Bane NOR Eiendom, tlf. +47 41 66 05 56
odd.arne.lian@banenor.no
Veidekke's press photos (https://veidekke.fotoware.cloud/fotoweb/archives/5028
-Pressebilder-Veidekke/)
Subscribe to messages from
Veidekke (http://veidekke.com/no/borsmeldinger/abonner-pa-meldinger/)
Veidekke (https://www.veidekke.com/) is one of Scandinavia's largest
contractors. In addition to undertaking all types of building and civil
engineering assignments, the group also maintains roads and produces asphalt and
aggregates. Veidekke emphasises stakeholder involvement and local experience.
Its annual turnover is approximately NOK 43 billion, and half of its 8,000
employees own shares in the company. Veidekke is listed on the Oslo Stock
Exchange and has posted a profit every year since its inception in 1936.


