Oslo, 9 October 2026: BlueNord ASA ("BlueNord" or the "Company") has today
announced its preliminary production figures for September 2026. In September,
preliminary production was 43.9 mboepd net to the Company. The Tyra hub produced
25.2 mboepd, while the base assets, comprising the Dan, Gorm and Halfdan hubs,
contributed18.7 mboepd.

Planned pigging of the Harald-Tyra pipeline was successfully completed during
September. Tyra hub production was impacted by the associated activities and a
few  temporary operational events during the month, with fast recovery following
each event. Production averaged 25.2 mboepd net to BlueNord in September.
Average production for the quarter was 26.0 mboepd net to the Company, within
the quarterly guidance range of 25-30 mboepd.

The base assets delivered 18.7 mboepd net to BlueNord in September. Production
from the Halfdan and Gorm hubs was strong throughout the month, with Halfdan
delivering stable production at a preliminary operational efficiency above 95%.
Dan hub production was partially impacted by temporary integrity issues, which
were resolved  towards the end of the month with production returning to
expected levels. Average production for the quarter was 17.6 mboepd net to the
Company within the quarterly guidance range of 17-19 mboepd.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12
of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.



***

Contact:
Cathrine Torgersen, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer
Phone: +47 915 28 501
Email: cathrine.torgersen@bluenord.com

About BlueNord ASA
BlueNord is a strategically important European oil and gas company that
specialises in producing and developing energy resources, and in activities
which support the energy transition. The Company has a 36.8 percent interest in
the Danish Underground Consortium that is responsible for oil and gas production
in the Danish North Sea. BlueNord is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and
trades under the ticker "BNOR". For further information, please visit:
www.bluenord.com.

