Veidekke has signed a contract with Vestland County Council to upgrade the ferry
terminals serving the Hatvik-Venjaneset route on county road 552 in
Bjørnafjorden Municipality.

The contract is valued at approximately NOK 103 million, excluding VAT.

"We are very pleased to have been awarded this contract. The Hatvik-Venjaneset
connection is an important transport link for the region, and we look forward to
delivering the project in close cooperation with Vestland County Council and
other stakeholders. Veidekke has extensive experience from maritime
infrastructure and port projects along the Norwegian coast, and we will draw on
this expertise to ensure safe and efficient project execution," says Hans Aakre,
District Manager at Veidekke Bygg Bergen.

The project includes the upgrade and expansion of the ferry terminals at both
Hatvik and Venjaneset, including new ferry ramps, extension of auxiliary quays,
foundation works, land reclamation, new abutments and associated technical
installations.

Most of the construction work will be carried out while the ferry service
remains in normal operation. The project includes two planned closure periods,
placing high demands on planning, logistics and coordination.

"We are looking forward to starting work at Hatvik and Venjaneset and to working
together with Veidekke," says Cecilie Mathisen, Project Manager for ferry
infrastructure at Vestland County Council.

Work will commence immediately, and the project is scheduled for completion by 1
November 2027. The contract will be included in Veidekke's order backlog for the
fourth quarter of 2026.

Photos
Venjaneset ferry terminal (Photo: Vestland County Council)
Hans Aakre (Photo: Veidekke)

For further information, please contact:
District Manager Hans Aakre, Veidekke Bygg Bergen, tlf. +47 40 55 57 97,
hans.aakre@veidekke.no
Head of Communications Arve Rødal Brekkhus, Veidekke, tlf. +47 90 13 48 88,
arve.brekkhus@veidekke.no
Project Manager Cecilie Mathisen, Vestland County Council, tlf. +47 958 25002,
cecilie.Mathisen@vlfk.no

Veidekke's press photos (https://veidekke.fotoware.cloud/fotoweb/archives/5028
-Pressebilder-Veidekke/)
Subscribe to messages from
Veidekke (http://veidekke.com/no/borsmeldinger/abonner-pa-meldinger/)
Veidekke (https://www.veidekke.com/) is one of Scandinavia's largest
contractors. In addition to undertaking all types of building and civil
engineering assignments, the group also maintains roads and produces asphalt and
aggregates. Veidekke emphasises stakeholder involvement and local experience.
Its annual turnover is approximately NOK 43 billion, and half of its 8,000
employees own shares in the company. Veidekke is listed on the Oslo Stock
Exchange and has posted a profit every year since its inception in 1936.


