DNB Confidential
Date:28.09.2026
ESMA/2015/1597
Standard form for notification of major holdings
NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS (to be sent to the relevant issuer and to the competent authority)i
1. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are
attachedii: Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA NO0010196140
2. Reason for the notification (please tick the appropriate box or boxes):
[X] An acquisition or disposal of voting rights
[] An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments
[] An event changing the breakdown of voting rights
[] Other (please specify)iii:
3. Details of person subject to the notification obligationiv :
Name: DNB Asset Management City and country of registered office (if applicable):
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30,0191 Oslo, Norway
4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.)v:
5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reachedvi:
25.09.2026
6. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation:
% of voting rights
% of voting rights at- Total number of
through financial instru- Total of both in %
tached to shares (to- voting rights of is-
ments (7.A + 7.B)
tal of 7.A) suervii
(total of 7.B.1 + 7.B.2)
Resulting situation
on the date on which
4.81% 50 835 193
threshold was
crossed or reached
Position of previous
notification (if appli- 5.07%
cable)
1

DNB Confidential
7. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or
reachedviii:
A: Voting rights attached to shares
Class/type of
Number of voting rightsix % of voting rights
shares
ISIN code (if possi-
Direct Indirect Direct Indirect
(Art 9 of Directive (Art 10 of Directive (Art 9 of Directive (Art 10 of Directive
ble)
2004/109/EC) 2004/109/EC) 2004/109/EC) 2004/109/EC)
NO0010196140 4.81%
50 835 193
SUBTOTAL A 4.81%
50 835 193
B 1: Financial Instruments according to Art. 13(1)(a) of Directive 2004/109/EC
Number of voting rights
Type of financial in- Expiration Exercise/ that may be acquired if
% of voting rights
strument datex Conversion Periodxi the instrument is exer-
cised/ converted.
SUBTOTAL B.1 n/a n/a
B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to Art. 13(1)(b) of Directive
2004/109/EC
Exercise/
Type of financial Expiration Physical or cash Number of
Conversion Pe- % of voting rights
instrument datex settlementxii voting rights
riod xi
SUBTOTAL B.2 n/a n/a
2

DNB Confidential
8. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please tick the applica-
ble box):
[ ] Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal en-
tity and does not control any other undertaking(s) holding directly or indirectly an interest in the
(underlying) issuer.xiii
[ ] Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the
financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or le-
gal entityxiv:
% of voting rights
% of voting rights if it Total of both if it
through financial in-
equals or is higher equals or is higher
Namexv struments if it equals
than the notifiable than the notifiable
or is higher than the
threshold threshold
notifiable threshold
9. In case of proxy voting: [name of the proxy holder] will cease to hold [% and number] voting rights as of
[date]
10. Additional informationxvi:
3

DNB Confidential
Annex: Notification of major holdings (only to be filed with competent authority and not with the relevant
issuer)
A: Identity of the person subject to the notification obligation
Full name (including legal form for legal entities)
DNB Asset Management AS
Contact address (registered office for legal entities)
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30, 0191 Oslo
E-Mail
john.primo.skatun.conti.nibali@dnb.no
Phone number / Fax number
+47 97984966
Other useful information (at least legal a contact person for legal persons)
B: Identity of the notifier, if applicable
Full name
John Primo Skåtun Conti Nibali
Contact address
Skovveien 35, 0258 Oslo
E-Mail
john.primo.skatun.conti.nibali@dnb.no
Phone number / Fax number
+47 97984966
Other useful information (e.g. functional relationship with the person or legal entity subject to the notification obliga-
tion)
C: Additional information:
4

DNB Confidential
Notes
i Please note that national forms may vary due to specific national legislation (Article 3(1a) of Directive 2004/109/EC)
as for instance the applicable thresholds or information regarding capital holdings.
ii Full name of the legal entity and further specification of the issuer or underlying issuer, provided it is reliable and
accurate (e.g. address, LEI, domestic number identity).
iii Other reason for the notification could be voluntary notifications, changes of attribution of the nature of the holding
(e.g. expiring of financial instruments) or acting in concert.
iv This should be the full name of (a) the shareholder; (b) the natural person or legal entity acquiring, disposing of or
exercising voting rights in the cases provided for in Article 10 (b) to (h) of Directive 2004/109/EC; or (c) the holder of
financial instruments referred to in Article 13(1) of Directive 2004/109/EC.
As the disclosure of cases of acting in concert may vary due to the specific circumstances (e.g. same or different total
positions of the parties, entering or exiting of acting in concert by a single party) the standard form does not provide for
a specific method how to notify cases of acting in concert.
In relation to the transactions referred to in points (b) to (h) of Article 10 of Directive 2004/109/EC, the following list is
provided as indication of the persons who should be mentioned:
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (b) of Article 10 of that Directive, the natural person or legal entity that
acquires the voting rights and is entitled to exercise them under the agreement and the natural person or legal
entity who is transferring temporarily for consideration the voting rights;
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (c) of Article 10 of that Directive, the natural person or legal entity holding
the collateral, provided the person or entity controls the voting rights and declares its intention of exercising them,
and natural person or legal entity lodging the collateral under these conditions;
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (d) of Article 10 of that Directive, the natural person or legal entity who
has a life interest in shares if that person or entity is entitled to exercise the voting rights attached to the shares
and the natural person or legal entity who is disposing of the voting rights when the life interest is created;
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (e) of Article 10 of that Directive, the controlling natural person or legal
entity and, provided it has a notification duty at an individual level under Article 9, under letters (a) to (d) of Article
10 of that Directive or under a combination of any of those situations, the controlled undertaking;
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (f) of Article 10 of that Directive, the deposit taker of the shares, if he can
exercise the voting rights attached to the shares deposited with him at his discretion, and the depositor of the
shares allowing the deposit taker to exercise the voting rights at his discretion;
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (g) of Article 10 of that Directive, the natural person or legal entity that
controls the voting rights;
- in the circumstances foreseen in letter (h) of Article 10 of that Directive, the proxy holder, if he can exercise the
voting rights at his discretion, and the shareholder who has given his proxy to the proxy holder allowing the latter
to exercise the voting rights at his discretion (e.g. management companies).
v Applicable in the cases provided for in Article 10 (b) to (h) of Directive 2004/109/EC. This should be the full name of
the shareholder who is the counterparty to the natural person or legal entity referred to in Article 10 of that Directive
unless the percentage of voting rights held by the shareholder is lower than the lowest notifiable threshold for the dis-
closure of voting rights holdings in accordance with national practices (e.g. identification of funds managed by manage-
ment companies).
vi The date on which threshold is crossed or reached should be the date on which the acquisition or disposal took place
or the other reason triggered the notification obligation. For passive crossings, the date when the corporate event took
effect.
vii The total number of voting rights shall be composed of all the shares, including depository receipts representing
shares, to which voting rights are attached even if the exercise thereof is suspended.
5

DNB Confidential
viii If the holding has fallen below the lowest applicable threshold in accordance with national law, please note that it
might not be necessary in accordance with national law to disclose the extent of the holding, only that the new holding
is below that threshold.
ix In case of combined holdings of shares with voting rights attached "direct holding" and voting rights "indirect holding",
please split the voting rights number and percentage into the direct and indirect columns – if there is no combined
holdings, please leave the relevant box blank.
x Date of maturity/expiration of the financial instrument i.e. the date when right to acquire shares ends.
xi If the financial instrument has such a period – please specify this period – for example once every 3 months starting
from [date].
xii In case of cash settled instruments the number and percentages of voting rights is to be presented on a delta-adjusted
basis (Article 13(1a) of Directive 2004/109/EC).
xiii If the person subject to the notification obligation is either controlled and/or does control another undertaking then the
second option applies.
xiv The full chain of controlled undertakings starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity has to be
presented also in the cases, in which only on subsidiary level a threshold is crossed or reached and the subsidiary
undertaking discloses the notification as only thus the markets get always the full picture of the group holdings. In case
of multiple chains through which the voting rights and/or financial instruments are effectively held the chains have to be
presented chain by chain leaving a row free between different chains (e.g.: A, B, C, free row, A, B, D, free row, A, E, F
etc.).
xv The names of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or financial instruments are effectively held
have to be presented irrespectively whether the controlled undertakings cross or reach the lowest applicable threshold
themselves.
xvi Example: Correction of a previous notification.
6